quarterly sluo executive committee meeting page 1 minutes quarterly sluo executive committee meeting thursday september 10 2009 slac thursday september 10th from 9 30 am to 12 30 pm yellow conference room bldg 41 room 223 teleconference information date time september 10 2009 at 09 30 am america los_angeles length 180 minutes meeting id 2009 phone number 510 665 5437 tentative agenda 1 information and discussion on the sluo 2009 annual meeting 2 preparation of the end of the year elections for the renewal of sluo executive committee members to be replaced tim barklow 3 years fabrizio bianchi 3 years tom glanzman 3 years uli wienands 1 year 3 preparation of the lunch meeting with the sluo representatives during the sluo 2009 annual meeting 4 information and discussion on the sluo lhc workshop organized at slac on july 16&17 5 news on current practical businesses like slac library ray & frank aob 6 news of the sluo subcommittees computing tom outreach seth quality of life fabrizio 7 first discussion on our 2009 actions and on how to improve our presence action visibility at slac and in the community the future of sluo emergence of the new slac user 8 aob page 2 meeting minutes attendees tim barklow on the phone gerard bonneaud david brown seth digel tom glanzman bill lockman michael peskin steve sekula on the phone uli wienands frank porter for the discussion on the slac library teresa downey for the discussion on the outbound spam scanning absents henry band fabrizio bianchi julie mcenery excused kathy webb will replace jill meyers as the administrative support for the sluo meeting item 1 issue sid is not covered on sluo meeting john jaros as idag report is ready early proposal add a 20 minutes sid talk reduce lc physics talk to 5 minutes suggest john as speaker michael will coordinate with tor otherwise agenda is full gerard's talk content sluo lhc dc trip any other message larp presentation recommendation to focus on slac activities item 2 will outgoing members run for re election nothing against uli will be at cern for 9 months this is not a problem item 3 lunch meetings with reps should get suggestions for exec board candidates everyone should register for lunch meeting are atlas people participating in the vote bill was elected lsst is not represented lsst collaboration meeting early october is there more we can do to encourage election participation item 4 sluo lhc workshop report report of concerns about computing resources resulted in slac attention follow up what can be done in future send email to conveners discussion with david macfarlane support at slac for a remote lhc center is there a similar situation with fermi seth slac is effective cog for fermi location of analysis coordinator and meetings remote control not supported by atlas could remote monitoring be a centralizing activity summary of workshop being worked on by gerard item 5 slac library frank porter draft report from library committee recognizes previous concerns online magazine overlap with stanford still being resolved ebooks popular magazine rack slac reports notes digitized cern notes available through spires recommend digitizing old hep proceedings old accelerator tech notes being treated differently copywrited docs need to be physically available is quality control technology sufficient for scanned documents expand astro particle coverage summarize services and physical aspects short term central location 41 or rsb open 24 7 reading browsing page 3 space compact storage space including space for new contributions established before rsb in 2013 computing teresa downey from scs spam filter effects on users threshold for outgoing is higher 90 for now monitoring showed outgoing hits were forward incoming spam from opt out blocked mail will be bounced back probably not an issue item 6 tom glanzman new security measures are being planned will impact users restatement doe regulation on privacy 0 expectation could have big financial implications steve sekula scam based on grant applications outreach michael is chair of public lectures newest lecture planned is from photon science side contact with rob brown didn t show need for sluo involvement fermi doesn t have direct connection to hs students teachers maybe through helen quinn quality of life ntr item 7 actions for 2009 other slac users groups common issues should chairs meet to discuss gerard will investigate other ways to improve our visibility present ourselves at lsst meeting item 8 final 2009 quarterly meeting in november 2nd week messages to doe nsf speakers end at 12 30pm
